=> / ↵ main deck

## Captain's room

this is the room where i spend the majority of my time - there's not much to see, but while you're here i suppose i can tell you a little about myself.

> you quickly see that this room was made to resemble the bedroom the captain wishes she had.
>
> directly across from the door, in the corner of the room is a small nook with half-height bookshelves creating a slight separation from the rest of the room. a bean bag chair sits on the floor. the shelves are filled more with various trinkets - colored glass bottles, figures, stickers, jewelry - than books.
>
> to the left of the little nook is a bed noticably longer than it is wide, but big enough for two people. it sits next to a wide window into space. in front of the window hover multiple holigraphic clocks of different earth timezones - presumably the captain's friends' or places she'd like to visit.
>
> the walls of the room are decorated with pride flags, prints, and posters from various video games and artists. the ceiling has warm-colored fairy lights hanging from it.
>
> against one wall of the room is another, taller bookshelf. it's filled with novels and picture books and manga and notebooks. it matches the desk next to the nook in the corner - littered with notes and sketches of various things.

im a student right now, im not studying anything in particular but i think id like to study civil engineering or architecture. one of my largest grievences with earth is the inconsistency in city planning. in some places there are great cities with space for people and transit, and in others.. well... to put it simply they're depressing. but im rambling.

in my free time i usually like to write or program. sometimes i draw if im have the inspiration. i of course write in english, but ive always been interested in learning other languages. i usually study dutch and japanese. ive also wanted to make my own conlang, mostly just for myself as i like to fantasize about writing notes that no one else can read, but ive never really gotten anywhere with that.

when im programming it usually is in ts or python. most of my experience is in web development, but the idea of making my own game has always stuck out to me.

i hope i can grow up in a world where i don't need to work to live and am able to pursue primarily creative interests

if youd like to read my writing and see what im up to, i leave copies of all the interesting things in the reading area and on a shelf in the common room.