``` <kayt.dev/>
    ___      ___  __    ________      ___    ___ _________                 ________  _______   ___      ___           ___ ___    
   /  /|    |\  \|\  \ |\   __  \    |\  \  /  /|\___   ___\              |\   ___ \|\  ___ \ |\  \    /  /|         /  /|\  \   
  /  / /    \ \  \/  /|\ \  \|\  \   \ \  \/  / ||___ \  \_|              \ \  \_|\ \ \   __/|\ \  \  /  / /        /  //\ \  \  
 /  / /      \ \   ___  \ \   __  \   \ \    / /     \ \  \                \ \  \ \\ \ \  \_|/_\ \  \/  / /        /  //  \ \  \ 
|\  \/        \ \  \\ \  \ \  \ \  \   \/  /  /       \ \  \      ___       \ \  \_\\ \ \  \_|\ \ \    / /        /  //    \/  /|
\ \  \         \ \__\\ \__\ \__\ \__\__/  / /          \ \__\    |\__\       \ \_______\ \_______\ \__/ /        /_ //     /  // 
 \ \__\         \|__| \|__|\|__|\|__|\___/ /            \|__|    \|__|        \|_______|\|_______|\|__|/        |__|/     /_ //  
  \|__|                             \|___|/                                                                              |__|/                                                                                                                                 
```
# Hi! I'm Kayt!
=> /blog/        Blog
=> /projects.gmi Projects

You might know me as diet 7up, Kaytastrophe, Kayt_was_taken, or any of my other derivative usernames, but either way, you've found your way to my corner of the internet, in particular, the Gemini mirror of my personal site!

Most content and the majority of my projects are still only available on the web, but all my blog posts will be available here!

## About me

### Who are you?
I'm a student! My pronouns are she/they and I have way too many hobbies

### What do you do?
I make stuff sometimes... and that's about it. I usually somewhat sarcastically describe myself as an artist who rarely draws, a programmer who rarely programs, and a student who rarely studies.

### What languages do you know?
I mostly work in TS and python, but I'm currently learning Svelte!

As for human languages, English is obviosuly my first language, but I'm trying to self-teach myself Dutch and Japanese! I'm also interested in learning or learning about Esperanto, Ido, Toki Pona, ASL, Ukranian, German, Cantonese, Tagalog, and Indonesian.

### More from me!
=> /blog/                               Blog
=> /projects.gmi                        Projects
=> https://pk.kayt.dev                  PK-web (see /projects above for more about it)
=> https://twitter.com/kayt_was_taken   Twitter
=> https://github.com/kaytwastaken      Github
=> https://instagram.com/kayt_was_taken Instagram


This page was last updated on 2022-3-19.